welcome to common man cocktails i'm your
host Derek show more today we're going
to create the cinnamon toast I'll one
breath this drink leaves you into the
weekends we're going to be doing and yet
another fall seasonal style cocktail hot
apple cider like I said non-alcoholic so
think non-alcoholic for the Europeans
who would think it's a think that should
be spiked we're going to use something
that a lot of the fans of the show like
Captain Morgan spiced rum this is the
private stock only the best for calm man
cocktails we're going to use another one
of these cool mugs these kind of like
coffee esque fancy mugs you can see
through it so it looks all epic we're
going to also be rimming it with some
cinnamon sugar you can't really see it
risky risky and what I did to make the
cinnamon sugar I'm going to come a chef
so like I made this myself one part
cinnamon one part sugar stirred it
around BAM done and to rim it I couldn't
think of anything we could either use
the cider you need something sticky on
the edges because otherwise it's just
got it it doesn't do much so what I
thought to do is I guess I'm an apple
juice here and I'll just have this apple
juice will do it now and see how it
works this is completely off the cuff I
have no idea what I'm doing like as the
usable and I'm going to try and just rim
the glass a little bit with something
wet and seems to all be around there
then we'll just dip it right in here
spin it around a little bit I like the
chunkies see how that comes out I too
bad so there you go that is you're there
you're done no skin that's your your
rimming so we've got our cinnamon sugar
on there put that on there first I hope
we're going to pour in here 6 ounces of
hot apple cider i boiled it ahead of
time
there we go i'm going to add that person
we're going to put in there one and a
quarter ounces of of Captain Morgan
we're going to drink it that look like
six hopefully I have one and a quarter
in here really running alone don't you
hate when you go to the liquor store you
know the stuff you need you get there
and you don't know what you need now you
can write that stuff down it's like when
I used to buy DVD or CDs remember those
days CDs singles all yeah the days of
signals we went and bought a flirt $3
tape of C&C Music Factory and Marky Mark
and the Funky Bunch yeah yeah it was
always on in the only did they put the
greatest hits or whatever the hit was on
one side of the tape as you flip it over
was always like this b-side something
they were pushing for some other song or
a remix they did the remix anyway that's
neither here nor there there you go that
is your cinnamon toast you don't have to
start you just pour that sucker in and
drink let's do the do the deed smells
like cinnamon coated apples mmm tastes
like butter cinnamon butter it is all my
head this is like the drink where this
is when you imagine the best time of
your life this is the drink you're
holding you don't even know it but I'm
telling you right now this is it so i
would say on a scale of 1 awesome it's
like definitely awesome and this is a
drink you could drink all night well
until you get sloppy drunk but there's
not that much up there might be it could
be dangerous nice and warm really warms
up the belly sit down in front of a fire
during the fall the holidays
Thanksgivings coming up
very well balanced a little little sweet
but not too sweet very good body spicy
holiday esque that's good there you go
that is your cinnamon toast and kind of
does taste a little like cinnamon toast
but it's really not hard I don't think
reproduce that type of taste and
something that's just going to be
awesome i love cinnamon toast so I'm
your host Erick shomer for yet another
cocktail for the fall wait we're not
done pause we got to mention this before
we roll out of the weekend if you want
to do our 10 Kane recipe which is going
to its call the 10 Kane spiced apple
punch on November 20th is we're going to
air the show there's a recipe on the
back now use this one it's a whole
bottle of 10k so you just get a big
punch and so it's going to make 12
cocktails so use one bottle you can make
a hot or cold one we're going to do the
cold when the warm one looks pretty good
but it's not going to be as exciting for
the show because it's already going to
be done so think about that if you're
looking to do that you want to make it
for the show or you want to make it for
your having guests over this this
holiday it's got a spice packet here
that you put inside of your apple juice
not cider apple juice send me an email
or get hit in one of the contact us form
is depending on where you find us and I
could send a couple of these out I've
got limited supply but I've got enough
to go around for at least the first 20
people so if you're looking for that hit
me up I'm and hosted shomer we're
teaching you how to drink
you